THE SHORT VERSION
Build, deploy, and operate a small service that sells assigned seats for an event (a concert or a movie hall) and lets users reserve them. The whole challenge is correctness under load: you must never sell the same seat twice, never let a user exceed their booking limit, and never double-charge a retried request — even when thousands of buyers stampede the same show at on-sale time. Then make the running system observable so we (and you) can watch it behaving correctly in real time.
We will clone it, deploy-check it, and hit your live URL with our own concurrency bursts. We do not grade the write-up; we grade the running service.

SCENARIO
A show goes on sale: a hall of N numbered seats opens at t=0, and tens of thousands of buyers hit "book" within the same second — many of them fighting over the same few "good" seats. Your service is the system of record that decides, atomically and correctly, who gets each seat and who is turned away. A seat is a unique thing: once it's held or sold, no one else can ever get that exact seat.
The interesting part is contention on a single hot seat: 500 people all try to grab seat A12 at once. Exactly one must win; the other 499 get a clean "already taken", not an error, and definitely not a second copy of A12.

FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Build a JSON HTTP API. Use any language, framework, and datastore you like (a single database is fine and encouraged). Money values are integer minor units (paise) — never floats.

1. Create a show — POST /shows (admin)
{ "name": "friday-night", "seats": ["A1","A2","A3","..."], "price_paise": 25000 }
Returns the created show with an id and every seat in "available" state.

2. Reserve a seat — POST /shows/{id}/reserve (authenticated user)
- Identity comes from the auth token, not from the request body.
- The request names the seat(s) wanted and carries an idempotency key (header or body):
{ "seats": ["A12"], "idempotency_key": "…" }
Success 201:
{ "reservation_id": "…", "show_id": "…", "user_id": "…", "seats": ["A12"], "amount_paise": 25000, "status": "confirmed" }
Behaviour that must hold:
- No double-sell: a seat confirmed (or actively held) for one user can never be confirmed for another. A race for the same seat produces exactly one winner; losers get a clean decline (409), never a 500.
- Per-user limit: a user cannot hold more than per_user_limit seats for a show (default 4). Over-limit is a clean decline, not an error.
- Idempotency: the same idempotency key reserves exactly once — a retry returns the original reservation; the same key with a different body (different seats) is rejected with 409.
- Partial requests: if a user asks for ["A12","A13"] and only one is free, define and document your behaviour (all-or-nothing vs best-effort) — and make it hold under concurrency.

3. Release / expire a hold (choose your model)
Either an explicit POST /reservations/{id}/cancel (only the owner may cancel) OR a time-boxed hold that auto-expires and returns the seat to available. A released seat must become cleanly re-bookable, and a release must never resurrect a seat already confirmed to someone else.

4. Show state — GET /shows/{id}
Returns per-seat status (available / held / confirmed) and counts. available + held + confirmed == total_seats must hold at all times — this is your reconciliation invariant.

5. Health & metrics (see Deploy & Observe).

THE CORRECTNESS BAR (this is what we test)
Assume we fire ~20,000 concurrent reservations at a fresh show — many targeting the same handful of hot seats, some retrying with the same key. Your service must satisfy ALL of:
1. No seat is ever confirmed to two users. For each hot seat we storm, exactly one 201; everyone else 409.
2. Zero 5xx across the whole burst — declines are 4xx domain outcomes, not server errors.
3. The reconciliation invariant holds (available + held + confirmed == total_seats) to the unit, during and after the burst.
4. Idempotent retries move nothing extra — same key, one reservation; different seats on the same key → 409.
5. Per-user limit holds under concurrency (a user firing 10 parallel reserves on a limit=4 show ends with at most 4 held).
6. Identity is token-derived — a request that tries to act "as" another user (spoofed body field) can only ever act as the token's user, and can only cancel its own holds.
Think about where the atomic decision lives. A read-then-write ("is A12 free? ok, take it") will double-sell under load. The correct designs push the decision into a single atomic step — a conditional update guarded on current state, a unique constraint that makes a double-hold impossible, a row lock taken in a deterministic order for multi-seat requests. We can tell from the live behaviour which you did.

DEPLOY & OBSERVE (equally weighted with correctness)
This round is not just "write correct code" — it's "run it and prove it's running correctly."
- Deploy it to a public URL (Render, Railway, Fly.io, or similar free tier). Give us the live URL. It must survive a cold start and come up healthy.
- Containerize it (Dockerfile / compose) so a clean checkout runs the same way we deploy it.
- Health: a liveness endpoint and a readiness endpoint that actually checks its dependency (DB reachable) and fails closed when the dependency is down.
- Metrics: expose Prometheus-style metrics to watch the burst — at minimum reservations confirmed (counter), reservations declined by reason (seat-taken / per-user-limit / idempotent-replay), and seats available (gauge). Metrics must reconcile with the API state and with what we observe.
- Logs: structured logs with a correlation/request id, and public log access if your platform allows (or a short screen recording of the live logs under load).
- One-command burst: include a script (make burst / ./burst.sh <BASE_URL> / a small program) that reproduces the on-sale stampede against your live URL — including a hot-seat storm (many users, same seat) — and prints the outcome distribution (confirmed / declined-by-reason / 5xx) and the final reconciliation. We'll run our own too, but yours tells us you tested the real thing.
We do NOT grade the UI. A JSON API is enough.

DELIVERABLES
1. Public Git repo with the full commit history (commit incrementally — we look at how the work was actually done).
2. Live URL of the deployed service.
3. The one-command burst script and how to run it, in the README.
4. Metrics + logs access.
5. A short write-up (WRITEUP.md): the atomic decision (name the exact mechanism and why it's race-free; for multi-seat, how you avoid deadlock); idempotency (where the key is stored, how exactly-once is enforced, same-key-different-body handling); holds & expiry; consistency vs availability under a partition; observability (what you'd get paged for at 2am); AI usage (directed vs decided — be specific and honest); what you'd do next.

GROUND RULES
- Money is integer paise, never floating point.
- AI tools are allowed and expected. Disclose usage honestly. We will ask you to extend this service live in the interview, so make sure the depth is genuinely yours.
- A clean checkout must build and run. A deploy that's down or a build that fails from a clean clone is the most common way strong-looking submissions fall over.
